# Train Your Dog
Don't own a dragon?! No problem, a dog is more accessible anyway. A virtual one is even easier. Get yours and start training it. But wait, let's build the school first. Or maybe, let's start with train-the-trainer. Yes, you, the human!

## The Idea
Reference made to a [use case](https://github.com/ivyfung1/syllabus/blob/master/Applying%20NEM.md#topic-3-escrow-services) I made up for NIS1. Now, with Symbol Testnet is up, it would be a good time to make the next version of it. 

## The Game
It is very simple. Create an account, buy a dog, name it, groom it, train it, breed it, sign it up for a tournament (hmm racing? maybe), sell it, and PLEASE, just don't kill it. 

## The Platform
This dog training school will be built on Symbol Testnet, or on a private chain. Here, we will use the testnet. I have not have a name for the school yet, and I reserve the honor to name it. 

## The Fuctions and the Features
### Non-fungible digitised identity
Both the owner and the dogs are considered non-fungible identities that will be represented by an account with metadata attached to it to make it more recognisable, and with more characteristics. 
Businesses (e.g. training schools, grooming parlour, pet shops etc) will also be represented by an account and can be built and sold.

```A sink account representing the municipal will be the account attaching metadata to each account differentiate them as human from dogs or businesses. It will also get all preset needed on the accounts representing dogs and businesses done before transferring them to the rightful owners. As the municipal, it handles the registrar.```

#### Human
Only human can own dogs or businesses. Any account on Symbol can join this game, even if it is also another character in another game. As long as it is an account created on Symbol Testnet, as long as it accepts the metadata by the municipal. 
#### Dogs
Cannot be owned by another dog. Here is not Disneyland, a dog cannot own another dog. This must be an account generated by the municipal.
#### Businesses
Can only be owned by human. (Remember, here is not Disleyland.) This must be an account generated by the municipal.

### Skillsets
In order for your dog to win a tournament, you need to first train your dog. Each skillset is represented by a mosaic. The more types of mosaic an account (representing a dog) has, the more skilled the dog is. The more mosaics of the same type an account has, the better it is in a particular skill. These mosaics shall only be able to transfer to an account representing a dog using mosaic restriction, and it shall be non-transferrable. 
Skillsets need to be maintained by either participating in competitive events and win or attending trainings. Else, the skillsets will deplete over time. 

```A new plug-in to return the skillset mosaics to the creator is be needed here. Each business can create their own mosaic representing a certain skillset.```

### Ownership
An account (owner) can only own another account (a dog or a business) if it is a multisig account, and the owner will be the cosignator (another account as the custodian).  The dog and business accounts can only be generatated by municipal and be converted to multisig account before transferring them to the owner. 

### Transfer of Ownership
Ownership of any account (dogs/businesses) can be facilitated with aggregate transaction, as it involves adding and deleting cosignatories.

### Names
An owner can give the dog/business or himself/herself a name by registering a namespace and alias it to the respective account. 

### Transactions
Buy and sell of assets (accounts) and services (misaiscs) can only be done by the owners and businesses. Restrictions will be set to accounts representing dogs by using account restrictions. 

### In-Game Currency
Other than the cryptocurrecny that is localised to the township, other currencies are welcomed too, as long as the players accept it. However, municipal only accepts local cryptocurrency and XYM. (What to name the currency!?)

## Storyline
This is a township full of dog lovers. All businesses and daily activities are only related to dogs. The municipal has dogs up for adoption for people who wants to move in to the town. New comers can get cryptocurrency local to the township by exhanging for it with XYM. 
The responsibilies of the residents of the township is to train the dogs, run the businesses and make the township vibrant. 

## Tokenomic
(To be added after some meditations. Maybe frist 1000 players gets some incentives?!)

## Others
With only Symbol Blockchain, this whole township will only be a skeleton. We need the frontend, we need the map the town, we want beautiful dogs, we want pretty houses and humans too. 

## What Problem this Proposal Targets to Solve
It is not planned to solve any particular current problem. The main objective is to build a game on Symbol Blockchain using as many features and functions it offers as possible. And, maybe solve a problem or two along the way.

p/s What if, this is not a only a township for dogs .... but something bigger. 
