README.md, before:

# Train Your Dog
Don't own a dragon?! No problem, a dog is more accessible anyway. A virtual one is even easier. Get yours and start training it. But wait, let's build the school first. Or maybe, let's start with train-the-trainer. Yes, you, the human!

## The Idea
Reference made to a [use case](https://github.com/ivyfung1/syllabus/blob/master/Applying%20NEM.md#topic-3-escrow-services) I made up for NIS1. Now, with Symbol Testnet is up, it would be a good time to make the next version of it. 

## The Game
It is very simple. Create an account, buy a dog, name it, groom it, train it, breed it, sign it up for a tournament (hmm racing? maybe), sell it, and PLEASE, just don't kill it. 

## The Platform
This dog training school will be built on Symbol Testnet. I have not have a name for the school yet, and I reserve the honor to name it. 

## The Fuctions and the Features
### Non-fungible digitised identity
Both the owner and the dogs are considered non-fungible identities that will be represented by an account with metadata attached to it to give it more recocnisable, and with more characteristics. 

### Skillsets
Each skillset is represented by a mosaic. The more mosaic an account (representing a dog) has, the more skilled the dog is. These mosaics shall only be able to transfer to an account representing a dog using mosaic restriction, and it shall be non-transferrable. 

### Ownership
An account (owner) can only own another account (a dog) if it is a multisig account, and the owner is the cosignator (custodian).

Commit message:

Updated the features, functions and storyline
Transfer of ownership
Names
Transactions
Storylines
Others

README.md, after:

# Train Your Dog
Don't own a dragon?! No problem, a dog is more accessible anyway. A virtual one is even easier. Get yours and start training it. But wait, let's build the school first. Or maybe, let's start with train-the-trainer. Yes, you, the human!

## The Idea
Reference made to a [use case](https://github.com/ivyfung1/syllabus/blob/master/Applying%20NEM.md#topic-3-escrow-services) I made up for NIS1. Now, with Symbol Testnet is up, it would be a good time to make the next version of it. 

## The Game
It is very simple. Create an account, buy a dog, name it, groom it, train it, breed it, sign it up for a tournament (hmm racing? maybe), sell it, and PLEASE, just don't kill it. 

## The Platform
This dog training school will be built on Symbol Testnet, or on a private chain. I have not have a name for the school yet, and I reserve the honor to name it. 

## The Fuctions and the Features
### Non-fungible digitised identity
Both the owner and the dogs are considered non-fungible identities that will be represented by an account with metadata attached to it to make it more recognisable, and with more characteristics. 
Businesses (e.g. training schools, grooming parlour, pet shops etc) will be represented by an account and can be built and sold.

### Skillsets
Each skillset is represented by a mosaic. The more types of mosaic an account (representing a dog) has, the more skilled the dog is. The more mosaics of the same type an account has, the better it is in a particular skill. These mosaics shall only be able to transfer to an account representing a dog using mosaic restriction, and it shall be non-transferrable. 
Skillsets need to be maintained by either participating in competitive events and win or attending trainings. Else, the skillsets will deplete over time. A new plug-in could be needed here. 

### Ownership
An account (owner) can only own another account (a dog or a business) if it is a multisig account, and the owner will be the cosignator (another account as the custodian).  

### Transfer of Ownership
Ownership of any account (dogs/businesses) can be facilitated with transfertransaction and aggregate transactions. 

### Names
An owner/player can give the dog/business a name by registering a namespace and alias it to the dog/business account. 

### Transactions
Buy and sell of assets (accounts) and services (misaiscs) can be done by the owners. Restrictions will be set to accounts representing dogs and businesses by using account restrictions. 
Other that the cryptocurrecny that is localised to the township, other currencies are welcomed too, as long as the players accept it. 

## Storyline
This is a township full of dog lovers. All businesses and daily activities are only related to dogs. The municipal has dogs up for adoption for people who wants to move in to the town. New comers will also be given a fixed amount of cryptocurrency local to the township as an incentive. 
The responsibilies of the residents of the township is to train the dogs, run the businesses and make the township vibrant. 

## Others
With only Symbol Blockchain, this whole township will only be a skeleton. We need the frontend, we need the map the town, we want beautiful dogs, we want pretty houses and humans too. 

p/s What if, this is not a only a township for dogs .... but something bigger.
